update several statements (#2862)
pingcap/docs: sql-statements/sql-statement-commit.md

## MySQL compatibility

* In MySQL, with the exception of Group Replication with multiple primaries, it is not typical that a `COMMIT` statement could result in an error. By contrast, TiDB uses optimistic concurrency control and conflicts may result in `COMMIT` returning an error.

> * Be default, `UNIQUE` and `PRIMARY KEY` constraint checks are defered until statement commit. This behavior can be changed by setting `tidb_constraint_check_in_place=TRUE`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Be default, `UNIQUE` and `PRIMARY KEY` constraint checks are deferred until statement commit. This behavior can be changed by setting `tidb_constraint_check_in_place=TRUE`.
```

* In MySQL, with the exception of Group Replication with multiple primaries, it is not typical that a `COMMIT` statement could result in an error. By contrast, TiDB uses optimistic concurrency control and conflicts may result in `COMMIT` returning an error.
* Be default, `UNIQUE` and `PRIMARY KEY` constraint checks are deffered until statement commit. This behavior can be changed by setting `tidb_constraint_check_in_place=TRUE`.

> * TiDB only has syntactic support for `CompletionTypeWithinTransaction`. Closing the connection or continuing to open a new transaction commit option is not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* TiDB only has syntactic support for `CompletionTypeWithinTransaction`. Closing the connection or continuing to open a new transaction after the transaction is committed is not supported.
```
